Add info about configuration variables (#17308)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/shelly.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> {% configuration %}

Reviewer: This needs additional explanation, maybe even its own chapter.

What is it? what does it do? Why do I need this? Do I need this?

Author: Was my original idea, but then I was asked to move to to current view.

Will update later

Author: Done, looking forward for your feedback

| Shelly input event | Click Type    |
| ------------------ | --------------|
| `S`                | `single`      |
| `SS`               | `double`      |
| `SSS`              | `triple`      |
| `L`                | `long`        |
| `SL`               | `single_long` |
| `LS`               | `long_single` |

<div class="note">

Not all devices support all input events. You can check on [Shelly API Reference](https://shelly-api-docs.shelly.cloud/) website what types of Shelly input events your device supports.

</div>

## CoAP port

> In some cases it may be needed to customize the CoAP port (default:5683) your HA instance is listening to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it may be needed to customize the CoAP port (default: `5683`) your Home Assistant instance is listening to.
```

> In order to change it, add the following key to you configuration.yaml:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to change it, add the following key to your configuration.yaml:
```

Author: Thx for spotting
